# NAC_Deployment_MasterThesis
Guillem Martinez-Illescas Ruiz Master Thesis

In a world increasingly concerned about cybersecurity, switch ports have traditionally never been considered a threat to corporate infrastructures, however in wireless networks it has always been considered important. Now, with the proliferation of threats and the increasing reliance on networks for any job, it is more necessary than ever to extend security to the physical port level. The goal of this project it is to intend that all devices that connect to a corporate network using Ethernet cable have to be authenticated, just like a wireless client. This in-creases perimeter security by ensuring that any connect-ed device has to meet certain standards such as a certificate signed by a company itself, have the latest security patches for the operating system, etc... The main goal of the project is to achieve a Python script who match a group of VLAN on a device on specific interfaces, with this, we can find the interfaces that match with this specific virtual land. Normally, this VLAN has to be not under a firewall, because are the ones segmented and more vulnerable, because normally the ones under firewall are already protected under virus, malware and unnormal behavior. Detecting this interfaces that are not under a firewall protection, we have the option to put some commands on this specific VLAN to force authentication and protect the intern LAN. In general, we will create a Python script that find vulnerable VLAN. During this report, I will name the authentication configuration lines as NAC (Network Admission Control), to make it more rideable and easier for lectors.

Basically, we are going to create a python algorithm that allows to massively connect to Cisco Switch devices to apply a specific configuration that increases their security level, making it essential to authenticate when accessing devices that are connected to the interfaces with a specific vlan.
